W-15608602-pooling-profile-updates-kt (#2561)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: ftp/1.8/modules/ROOT/pages/ftp-pooling.adoc

= Disable Pooling in the FTP Connector Configuration

> Disable connection pooling in the Anypoint Connector for FTP (FTP Connector) configuration to make sure no connection is active if there is nothing to transfer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disable connection pooling in the Anypoint Connector for FTP (FTP Connector) configuration to ensure no connection is active if there is nothing to transfer.
```

. In Studio, navigate to the *Global Elements* tab.
. Click *Create*.
. Type `ftp`.
. Select *FTP Connector*.
. Click *OK*. 

> . In the Global Elements properties tab, click the *Advanced* tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Global Elements* properties tab, click the *Advanced* tab.
```
